add language if posting multiple roles (#300)
usds/SME-QA-Website: pages/phases/job-announcement/create-job-announcement.md

Duties should be informed by the job tasks you documented during job analysis. Place the most important job duties as the first few bullets.

> If you are posting for multiple roles (this is not typical), and your SMEs determine in job analysis that applicants can only reasonably apply for a subset of roles, include this text in this section (moddifying the specific number as appropriate):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are posting for multiple roles (this is not typical), and your SMEs determine in job analysis that applicants should only reasonably be allowed to apply for a subset of those roles, include this text in this section (modifying the specific number as appropriate):
```
